then this is the review of mine
diary of violets the muses networks mine
dreams
then the area of life account
obviously cigarette up to
year cine show and costs 44 saying
they look so much that I covered the price
who calls himself knows that I spent 15 euros e
he kills me then this was trouble
then or almost 16 a pope who a
dolo or hair the business the eyes
many questions and browns in the head
answers I was born in Buenos Aires I have
always lived here and there a little
to discover the world and collect mine
dreams
my secrets and my diary my name is
my name is violet and the more I am
at the first chapter a new beginning
I stand to be conducted though the diary
I'll show you other images but you
you are finding
second chapter ben special accounts not
your according to you how you think but to me
like the heavenly friend on
in fact giulio to show an image me
I really like this here and what here
where there is thomas and leon and then beautiful
a new video recipe the pancakes of
virus in fact last night are certain
even to man I know if you see, however, he is kind
is the recipe of what kind that he enrolls in
a gym if you want to do yoga
then there is this page here i love
shopping where you were supposed to write writes
how to dress all socks with enamels
you are the lip gloss earrings
liked the review and don't miss the
next with the album